Swallows come by groups at the advent of spring.
春天来临时燕子成群飞来.

Significantly, the company recently opened a huge store in Atlanta.
值得注意的是，该公司最近在亚特兰大开了一家大型商店。

We'll always justify our actions with noble sounding theories.
我们总会用听起来非常高尚的理论为我们的行动辩护。

Dena bought rolls of silk that seemed ridiculously cheap.
德娜买了几卷看起来非常次的丝绸。

Sometimes perseverance does win out.
有时候坚持就是胜利。

England intend fielding their strongest team in next month's World Youth Championship.
英格兰意欲在下月的世界青年锦标赛中推出他们的最强阵容。

I have numerous engagements next week.
下星期我有许多约会.

Humans cannot digest plants such as grass.
人不能消化草类植物。

We had to incorporate the company for tax reasons.
由于纳税的原因,我们不得不把那家公司合并了.

The court has no jurisdiction over foreign diplomats living in this country.
法院对驻本国的外交官无裁判权.

There are three essentially different ways of tackling the problem.
解决这个问题有三种根本不同的方法。

Mr. Brown is a master of pedagogy.
布朗先生是教育学的硕士。

Human perception is highly imperfect and by definition subjective.
人的感知具有高度缺陷，而且天性主观。

Mr Williams is a conservative who advocates fewer government controls on business.
威廉斯先生是个保守派，主张政府应减少对商业的控制。

She went for a brisk walk to work off her frustration.
她快步走了一会儿，以排解心中的沮丧。

It has taken a long time to wade through the 'incredible volume' of evidence...
看完这一大卷“长篇累牍”的证词花费了很长的时间。

Alas, my love, I must leave now.
哎呀,天哪, 我得走了.

They are forced to return to their country of origin.
他们被迫返回出生国。

Forecasters say the gales may not be as bad as they initially predicted...
预报员说大风也许不像他们起初预报的那么猛烈。

His choice of words created quite a furor.
他的措辞引起了相当大的轰动.

Belatedly, the government has acknowledged the problem...
政府迟迟才承认了该问题。

If you're interested in a subject, use the Internet to delve deeper.
如果对某一主题感兴趣，就上网进一步深入研究。

I love dressing up to look seductive.
我喜欢打扮得性感一些。

The concept of the Rose continued to inform the poet's work.
玫瑰的概念持续贯穿于诗人的作品中。

The senator urged against the adoption of the measure.
那参议员极力反对采取这项措施.

We often get complimentary remarks regarding the cleanliness of our patio.
我们经常听人称赞我们的露台非常干净。

The Advertising Standards Authority accused estate agents of using blatant untruths.
广告标准管理局控告房地产代理商使用无耻的谎言。

He achieved notoriety as chief counsel to President Nixon in the Watergate break-in.
他因在水门事件中担任尼克松总统的首席法律顾问而声名狼藉。

Lyn loves him warts and all.
琳恩爱他的全部。

'It's a question of money, folks,' I announced...
“诸位，这是一个钱的问题，”我郑重其事地说。

The research has far - reaching implications for medicine as a whole.
这项研究对整个医学界都有着深远的影响.

We do depart for Wales on the morrow.
我们明天确实要前往威尔士。

Hospital routines for nurses are very rigid.
医院中护士的日常工作非常刻板。

In a large city you're almost certain to find a physician with whom you are compatible and feel comfortable.
在大城市，几乎肯定能找到一个和你意气相投、让你觉得舒心的心灵抚慰者。

The old-timers used to recall how hot 1886 was.
老人们常常回想起1886年的酷热。



























